---
Team: Tencent Maps — Big Data Lab
Project: Road Network Matching
Date: 2020 May — July
Location: Remote
Tools: Python
\---

## Introduction

In the computer, a road network is represented by a graph, 
i.e. a series of [green nodes] and [blue edges]. 

[green Nodes] represent [green road intersections], and have properties like
(latitude, longitude) coordinates, whether a traffic light is present, etc.

[blue Edges] represent [blue roads], and have properties like number of lanes,
which nodes it connects to, etc.

## Task

I needed to find how Tencent's road network was different
with respect to NavInfo's road network.

In other words, find what are missing and what are redundant
in the Tencent Map database.

## Action

Using pure Python, 

## Result

The output was a csv file of nodes or edges.
 
The output was handed to the Mapping team to verify.



## The Story

Diary:

This internship was part of the selective "pre-Study Abroad" program of Tencent,
where the interns consists of college graduates heading to grad school
after the summer.

Due to COVID-19 pandemic, my internship was done remotely as I stayed in
Nashville, while my team is based in Beijing. My leader cared about my 
health and I had flexible work hours, apart from needing to attend a weekly meeting
at mid-night (U.S. central time).

My first project was finding missing pedestrian paths (in parks, schools, etc.)
using datasets such as anonymous GPS data. 
However, I wasn't able to make much progress 2 weeks into the project,
mainly due to a lack of mentorship, communication difficulties, 
and the intricacy of the code base. 

In the 3rd week, my leader assigned me the "Road Network Matching" task,
which turned out much more doable.

The internship experience greatly helped me understand what it's like
to work at a Chinese tech company, as well as connect
with the programmer community in China.

